[mirror_images] allow to set the image registry org (#528)
redhatci/ansible-collection-redhatci-ocp: roles/mirror_images/README.md

    mi_dst_authfile: /path/to/pullsecret-to-push-to-my-registry-local
    mi_src_authfile: /path/to/pullsecret-to-pull-from-private-image
    mi_options: "--preserve-digests"
    mi_dst_org: "some/path"
```

> NOTE: The use of `mi_dst_org: "some/path"` will copy the new images in a new repository organization, for example in the case of `quay.io/centos/centos:stream9` instead of `centos`, it will be for example: my.registry.local:4443/some/path/centos:stream9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of `mi_dst_org`: "some/path" will copy the new images into a new repository organization. For instance, if the source image is quay.io/centos/centos:stream9, the destination will be my.registry.local:4443/some/path/centos:stream9
```

Author: Thanks, done
